DOC-2354: Add TINY-10785 release note entry (#3193)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0.1-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== Revision History

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Revision History** premium plugin.

This **Revision History** release includes the following fix.

> ==== Reduce the chance of diff stylings being overridden by inline stylings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Reduce the chance of diff annotation styles being overridden by inline styles.
```
